UKP propose quickstart

Goal: submit a change proposal to a Service endpoint as an idempotent, adjudicable document — not a file write.

Model:
- A proposal is a pending change the Service owner will adjudicate; the submitter proposes, the owner decides.
- Identity is client-owned: you pick the id (a slug), and resubmitting the same id updates the same proposal.
- Submission is an upsert with three outcomes: created (new, revision 1), unchanged (identical content, no write), updated (replaced, revision +1).
- revision is an audit counter and the history of your edits; it never resets.
- ukp propose is the only documented write path. Never edit Service-side proposal files directly: a later submission overwrites them and your edits bypass revision tracking.

1. Declare the capability (Service side)
   .ukp/service.toml:
   [capabilities.propose]
   provider = "file"
   The provider line is optional (a bare [capabilities.propose] means the file provider).
   Optional [capabilities.propose.config] folder = "inbox" (default) sets where proposals land.

2. Submit a proposal
   ukp propose --endpoint <name> --file draft.md
   --id defaults to the draft basename (extension stripped); the basename becomes the proposal's persistent identity.
   Renaming the file and resubmitting creates a new proposal, not a revision.
   Pass --id <slug> to pin the identity explicitly.
   Add --json for a machine-readable envelope (id, status, revision).

3. Revise a proposal
   Edit your local draft, then run the same command with the same id.
   The Service replaces the stored proposal, keeps created, bumps revision, refreshes updated.
   Identical resubmission is a no-op (exit 0, revision unchanged).

4. Read proposals back
   Reading is owned by the Service: if it indexes its proposal folder into its search surface,
   ukp search / ukp read reach proposals like any other content.

Remember:
- Same id, same proposal: do not fork ids (add-topic, add-topic-v2) for revisions of one idea.
- Frontmatter service fields (id, status, revision, created, updated) are Service-maintained and stripped from submissions; your subject/kind display fields pass through.
- status stays "proposed" until adjudication exists; there is no accept/reject command yet.
