UKP Service quickstart - QMD provider setup

Goal: make a registered Service's content searchable through the default QMD provider.
Run these from the Service folder root.

Boundary:
- These are provider-owned steps. QMD owns collection, index, ranking, and config.
- UKP only routes capability requests. This topic carries the journey; exact
  flags and arguments belong to the relevant QMD subcommand help.

Fast path for a simple knowledge folder:
1. qmd init
2. qmd collection add .
3. qmd update
4. qmd search "keyword"
5. qmd get <reference> --no-line-numbers

1. Initialize QMD (qmd init)
2. Add the searchable collections (qmd collection add)
   For a pure knowledge base, add the folder root; otherwise add the folder(s)
   whose content should be searchable. Check what already exists first
   (qmd collection list): re-adding an already-indexed folder creates a
   duplicate collection, and add does not warn about it.
3. Use a stable short collection name (qmd collection rename)
   By default add registers the collection under the folder's full path as
   its name; the short name comes from this rename, never from add itself.
   rename matches the exact current name only, so re-check collection list
   before renaming — the short name you had in mind may already belong to an
   existing collection.
4. Update the index (qmd update, qmd status)
5. Verify the provider before returning to UKP (qmd search / qmd get)
   If a search returns matches, the provider is ready; return to
   'ukp guide service' step 7.
   A read smoke ('qmd get <reference> --no-line-numbers') is required for
   observe mode (external or nested collection root): it confirms the provider
   can resolve the provider references that ukp read will delegate to it
   (bare docid handoff keys and qmd:// references).

Exact flags and arguments come from the relevant QMD subcommand help, for example:
  qmd init --help
  qmd collection add --help
  qmd update --help
  qmd search --help
  qmd get --help

Remember:
- Provider config is not stored in the UKP Registry.
- A registered Service is addressable; it is searchable only after provider setup.
- Keep the local index out of version control: ignore .qmd/*.sqlite and .qmd/*.sqlite-*.
